user doc update _ eds.rst (#3006)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/eds.rst

The intensity of X-ray lines can be extracted using curve-fitting in HyperSpy.
This example uses an EDS-SEM spectrum of a test material (EDS-TM001) provided

> by `BAM <http://www.webshop.bam.de>`_.

Reviewer: Please keep the `https`

    Zr_Lb3
    background_order_6

The background fitting can be performed with
:py:meth:`~.models.edsmodel.EDSModel.fit_background` by enabling only energy
ranges containing no X-ray lines. Once fitted, the background is automatically
fixed:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> m.fit_background()

The model components can now be fitted using:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> m.fit()

>     

Reviewer: remove unnecessarily added indent

> The width of the X-ray lines is defined from the energy resolution (FWHM at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The widths of the X-ray lines are defined from the energy resolution (FWHM at
```
